javascript/documentation/jsVersions/es6vsCommonJS.md, before:

## ES6 vs Common JS
[monsterlessons academy // youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mK54Cn4ceac)

- every file we are writing is a module.


### commonJS syntax
```js
const getFullName = (name, surname) =>{
  return name + ' ' +surname
}

module.exports = getFullName;
```

- NodeJS modular system i CommonJS (popular)
- CommonJS doesn't exist in browser, if seen there is something that emulates its usage.

if module.exports is not written the it is completely isolated.

now we can have other ways
Method 2

bar.js
```js
exports.getFullName = (name, surname) => {
  return name + " " + surname;
};

exports.getSurname = (name, surname) => {
  return surname;
};

```

this also works. Just give them to 

another cool thing is that you can run the require functinos inside of if conditionals

bar.js
```js
if(1==1){
  const foo = require("./foo)
  console.log(
  "getFullName",
  foo.getFullName("monster", "lessons"),
  foo.getSurname("foo", "bar")
);
}
```

### de-structuring
bar.js
```js
const {getFullName, getSurname} = require("./foo");

console.log(
  "getFullName",
  getSurname("foo", "bar")
  getFullName("monster", "lessons"),
);
```

### ES6 Modules
ECMAScript 6 Modules.

always used inside browsers and not that often inside node js

we also can export and things
instead of module.exports,
we export default.

like how i use it in react / nextJS


after doing bare minimum changes in es6foo.js and es6bar.js it is evident that I can't use node because it doesn't support. however if I can set module type and load an ES Module it is easier I think.

> Warning: To load an ES module, set "type": "module" in the package.json or use the .mjs extension.

changed `es6bar.js` -> `es6bar.mjs` and it definitely worked.

just one of them is enough then.

Commit message:

es6 modules import and export
ez and good

javascript/documentation/jsVersions/es6vsCommonJS.md, after:

## ES6 vs Common JS
[monsterlessons academy // youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mK54Cn4ceac)

- every file we are writing is a module.


### commonJS syntax
```js
const getFullName = (name, surname) =>{
  return name + ' ' +surname
}

module.exports = getFullName;
```

- NodeJS modular system i CommonJS (popular)
- CommonJS doesn't exist in browser, if seen there is something that emulates its usage.

if module.exports is not written the it is completely isolated.

now we can have other ways
Method 2

bar.js
```js
exports.getFullName = (name, surname) => {
  return name + " " + surname;
};

exports.getSurname = (name, surname) => {
  return surname;
};

```

this also works. Just give them to 

another cool thing is that you can run the require functinos inside of if conditionals

bar.js
```js
if(1==1){
  const foo = require("./foo)
  console.log(
  "getFullName",
  foo.getFullName("monster", "lessons"),
  foo.getSurname("foo", "bar")
);
}
```

### de-structuring
bar.js
```js
const {getFullName, getSurname} = require("./foo");

console.log(
  "getFullName",
  getSurname("foo", "bar")
  getFullName("monster", "lessons"),
);
```

### ES6 Modules
ECMAScript 6 Modules.

always used inside browsers and not that often inside node js

we also can export and things
instead of module.exports,
we export default.

like how i use it in react / nextJS


after doing bare minimum changes in es6foo.js and es6bar.js it is evident that I can't use node because it doesn't support. however if I can set module type and load an ES Module it is easier I think.

> Warning: To load an ES module, set "type": "module" in the package.json or use the .mjs extension.

changed `es6bar.js` -> `es6bar.mjs` lets ES6 Modules run in Node JS


just one of them is enough then.

when both of them converted to es6 synatx then it works, one can't be named wrong, and vice versa.

you have to maintain one code structure

### export several things from the module
